record_classification/src/site/markdown/index.md, before:

This module provides an automatic classification tool, designed to provide ICD10 and HISCO codes to historical records.

* main classes: [TrainAndClassify](https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/javadoc/uk/ac/standrews/cs/digitising_scotland/parser/pipeline/TrainAndMultiplyClassify.html)


## Documentation

The API documentation is here:

<div class="source">
    <pre><a href="https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/javadoc/index.html?uk/ac/standrews/cs/digitising_scotland/record_classification/">https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/javadoc/</a></pre>
</div>

## Download

Code and documentation can be downloaded from here:

<div class="source">
    <pre><a href="https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/record_classification/target/">https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/record_classification/target/</a></pre>
</div>

## Maven

To use the code from Maven or other build tools, see the [dependency information](dependency-info.html).

The Maven repository is here:
 
<div class="source">
    <pre><a href="http://maven.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk">http://maven.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk</a></pre>
</div>

## Tutorial

A <a href="tutorial.html">brief tutorial</a> on how to use the record classification software is available.

## Scripts

A selection of shell scripts are provided to help the user run the software. <a href="scripts-information.html">These can be found here.</a>

Commit message:

Updating scripts information pages.
Former-commit-id: 53d3d5dd7b10093bd0d1c10ed641de5c2d3af395

record_classification/src/site/markdown/index.md, after:

# Module *record_classification*

This module provides an automatic classification tool, designed to classify historical documents to [ICD10](http://www.who.int/classifications/icd/en/) and [HISCO](http://socialhistory.org/en/projects/hisco-history-work).

* main classes:
[TrainModels](https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/javadoc/uk/ac/standrews/cs/digitising_scotland/record_classification/pipeline/main/TrainModels.html)
[ClassifyWithExsistingModels](https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/javadoc/uk/ac/standrews/cs/digitising_scotland/record_classification/pipeline/main/ClassifyWithExsistingModels.html)
[TrainClassifyOneFile](https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/javadoc/uk/ac/standrews/cs/digitising_scotland/record_classification/pipeline/main/TrainClassifyOneFile.html)
[PIlot](https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/javadoc/uk/ac/standrews/cs/digitising_scotland/record_classification/pipeline/main/PIlot.html)


## Documentation

The API documentation is here:

<div class="source">
    <pre><a href="https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/javadoc/index.html?uk/ac/standrews/cs/digitising_scotland/record_classification/">https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/javadoc/</a></pre>
</div>

## Download

Code and documentation can be downloaded from here:

<div class="source">
    <pre><a href="https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/record_classification/target/">https://builds.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/job/digitising_scotland/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/record_classification/target/</a></pre>
</div>

## Maven

To use the code from Maven or other build tools, see the [dependency information](dependency-info.html).

The Maven repository is here:
 
<div class="source">
    <pre><a href="http://maven.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk">http://maven.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk</a></pre>
</div>

## Tutorial

A <a href="tutorial.html">brief tutorial</a> on how to use the record classification software is available.

## Algorithms

Information on the algorithms being used can be [found here](algorithms-information.html).
## Scripts

A selection of shell scripts are provided to help the user run the software. <a href="scripts-information.html">These can be found here.</a> 

## Contact

Any questions or suggestions may be sent to Graham Kirby at graham.kirby@st-andrews.ac.uk. We would welcome any information on others\' experience with the software.
